Playwright supports tags and annotations that are displayed in the test report.

You can add your own tags and annotations at any moment, but Playwright comes with a few built-in ones:

test.skip() marks the test as irrelevant. Playwright does not run such a test. Use this annotation when the test is not applicable in some configuration.
test.fail() marks the test as failing. Playwright will run this test and ensure it does indeed fail. If the test does not fail, Playwright will complain.
test.fixme() marks the test as failing. Playwright will not run this test, as opposed to the fail annotation. Use fixme when running the test is slow or crashes.
test.slow() marks the test as slow and triples the test timeout.
Annotations can be added to a single test or a group of tests.


URL:https://playwright.dev/docs/test-annotations


test.skip are two type
1. Unconditionalskip
In Playwright, unconditional skip means the test is always skipped, regardless of the browser, 
OS, environment, or any other condition.

2. Conditional skip
Conditional skip the test only when a particular condition is true.

Here, browserName === 'webkit' is the condition.
Chromium → condition is false → test runs ✅
Firefox → condition is false → test runs ✅
WebKit → condition is true → test is skipped

test.fixme() is used when a test is currently broken or not ready to run, and you want Playwright
 to skip it until the issue is fixed
  // it will skip the test cases , until certain issue is not resolved


test.fail() is used when you expect a test to fail. Playwright runs the test, b
ut instead of treating the failure as an unexpected failure, it considers the expected failure.

test.info().annotations.push(...) is typically used in Playwright tests to add an annotation to
 the current test.

npx playwright test --grep '@sanity' Playwright_tag.spec.ts : it will execute only the test cases
 which are tag name
Example :[Tagname : sanity]

npx playwright test --grep-invert '@smoke' Playwright_tag.spec.ts: it will execute all the test cases except 
the test cases which are tag name
Example :[Tagname : smoke]

